FAR STAR ULTIMATE PLAN
----------------------

PRESSING MATTERS
----------------------
/ | connect JS to C++ script
/ | send coords from UI to C++ script 
/ | working MAVSDK example in project
/ | working autonomous mission creation, started from webpage
/ | drone script to interact with drone hardware
O | Coord mission
O | Winch functionality

later
----------------------
O script to start all commands in one call (script, backend, livepreview)
O learn how black magic of cmake works


notes
---------------------
map api fails eternally when invalid coords given

coords flipped somewhere. why is there no standard 'lat, lng' or 'lng, lat'

08/19
Emscripten says dynamic libs are supported; lets test this assumption

Should I really be calling drone scripts from web? Emscripten has to create its own lib for logic. That site that calls complex scripts directly from itself will be really slow. If not then what?

Could, instead of direct mission call from web, have site make request for local machine to run mission script
  How will process of requesting mission script to run, from web, work?
    API

Create Node.js backend that will call local mission script. Use fetch() in web logic to call this backend. boom

Rumor has it we are able to run autonomous drone missions from the browser

08/20
sim_vehicle.py connects to mavproxy. Could connect directly to mavproxy myself, but ardupilot scripts already do that. Going to see if any of their scripts just connect to mavproxy and sit and look pretty. If not I SUPPOSE I'll start congregating with mavproxy.

Lot of riff raff coming from ardupilot's scripts. Fine, I'll do it myself

Was able to read motors arming from ardupilot sim_vehicle.py script by removing UDP port 14550, and adding 14551 which was connected to Mission Planner. MP armed motors and MAVProxy read that they were armed. I thought I understood the connection process between MAV & drone, but I was greatly mistaken. Will work more with MAVProxy to get this damn drone delivering Taco Bell

Achieved connection between RC Radio; Mission Planner; and MAVProxy, started by sim_vehicle.py script. Flight data was conflicted between SITL drone and actual, so GUI in MP was showing drone in two different locations, both of which were correct. My assumption that MAVProxy needed a port for each socket connection was wrong. UDP has no master; it takes a port over and lets anyone who want to come through do so. I can just run all communications on 14550, because that's what backpack wifi defaults to.

08/22
UI map location selection and drone go there functionality achieved. Will start ironing out little details tomorrow. Need to give adequate time for drone to raise before starting movement, handling of crashes, verifying drone mission before starting -- to mitigate successfule operations for those desiring deliveries to airports and military bases.
